hey guys explanation pros here today
i'll explain a horror sci-fi film titled
as the gods will
incoming spoilers
the movie begins with the narration from
students they express their concern to
god about the essence of life
inside the classroom the rumor doll
plays with the students the rumor doll
will turn around after he sings and if
he sees someone moving they will be dead
the students are all worrying
they are scared because many students
are dying because of failing to follow
the rules
a guy approaches everyone to read the
message at the back of the doll it says
the game will be over if they press the
button
a male student tried to press it but he
got caught another student tries to
escape but it just so happens that the
doors cannot be open and that the rumor
doll turns and sees them so he kills
them
at this point there are only two
students who survived in the classroom
the boy tells zakahata to use his back
to jump over the dead bodies to press
the button easily so he did but
unfortunately only takahata lives
because he's the one who pressed the
button as soon as the game is over
takahata realizes what he used to do
before this event happened
after his realization he prays to god to
bring back his boredom again but he gets
interrupted when akimoto opens the door
the ahata runs going to her and asks if
she knows what's happening
however akimoto doesn't know about the
event so they decided to call the cops
for help but the daruma doll speaks that
the cat is coming
they try to escape by opening the doors
but it doesn't open
they also try to break the glasses but
the glasses cannot be broken
akimoto and takahata sprint and luckily
opens a door to their surprise they see
some students who survive from the
daruma doll
at this point their president tells him
to wear the mice costume
but suddenly the cat appears and begin
to devour them by expanding its neck
takahata finds out that the only way to
finish the game is by shooting the bell
so he immediately calls his schoolmate
who is good at basketball to shoot the
ball he attempts but the cat manages to
catch it and later on throws it back to
the guy takahata seems to be good at
analyzing games he figures out that the
cat only eats the students who wear the
mice costume
takahata tells it to everyone and they
quickly remove it however when the cat
can't see some mice he immediately
devours humans out of takahata's
intelligence he dresses up in the
costume and begins to get the cat's
attention
at this point the cat expresses that she
wants to be scratched but only takahata
can manage to hear it as he's the only
one wearing a mice costume he quickly
goes to the back of the cat to scratch
it akimoto sensed that cat was enjoying
it so she scratched the cat's back too
and everyone followed
the cat is now sleeping she enjoyed the
scratches however she wakes up because
of the noises coming from the students
thus she quickly scratches them and
begins to kill the students again
takahata invites akimoto to inform her
of his intentions they conceal the bell
by covering the ball the cat quickly
works her eyes from left to right and
notices the ball is in takahata's hands
but she doesn't know that they tricked
him they covered the bell for them to
shoot the ball successfully however the
ball bounces on the ring but amaya
enters the scene and gets the ball to
shoot it on the ring the game is now
over and the cat tells the winner
akimoto takahata and amaya only
after announcing the winners amaya kills
the others using a sword and a maya
tells takahata that they are the chosen
ones by god
in this scene there is a news report
about a terrorist attack inside the
schools it says that there are 1 million
students who are affected by the
terrorists the rescuers try to rescue
them but they cannot a broadcaster
interviews a professor about his
insights and he tells this event is
beyond human comprehension and the knack
of an alien not a person
takahata wakes up from his dreams he
sees a gorgeous lady named takase and
some students named tyra and taoka he is
now disappointed to know that he is
going to play again
he tries to open the door to escape but
the doors cannot be opened just like in
the first scene
taoka delivers to him that they have no
way out by showing the news by a gadget
while they are talking someone knocks on
the door
they enter the door and begin
introducing themselves
they invite them to play a game but this
time is different the player will be
blindfolded and the player must guess
who is the person at its back out of his
confidence tauka played the game first
and then followed by tara however they
both failed to give the correct answer
afterwards takahata presents himself to
play before takase at this point he won
the game as he tricked them because he
played the recording file he had for him
to hear who would speak beside him
luckily his guess worked and eventually
the doll turned into case
according to the rule once they have the
key the game will automatically be over
the game is now over so they head out to
go outside a man is screaming and asking
to hold his hand as soon as takahata has
his hand the evil stops chasing him and
says he is jealous as their friendship
is strong
the guy says that evil attacks a person
who doesn't hold hands with someone
afterwards takahata sees the pendant of
takase he remembers the thing on her
charm as a souvenir as they met before
on the rooftop throwing some glasses on
the wall to release their emotions
but after that they hear a girl
screaming
they run to find it and to their
surprise it's akimoto out of takahata's
feelings for her he quickly jumps to
reach the hand of akimoto to save her
they succeed and the evil runs away from
them shortly after a wall erodes and
another giant doll appears and shows
seven key passages
the group of takahata manages to locate
the sound but finds out that they need
more than three keys to end the game
then namaya enters the picture bringing
the missing keys but only seven people
could unlock it so maya killed his
companion they were able to end the game
by putting on the case afterwards the
giant doll announces the winners and
luckily all of them are qualified to
join the next round the walls erode and
the doll leaves them not long after a
voice instructs them to come inside but
they have to first wear the clothes
provided at their back in their next
game a white polar bear enters the
picture he introduces himself and tells
them that he hates lies and black he
also instructs them about the mechanics
of the game
they only have to tell the truth
the game begins when he asks everyone
about their favorite food
everyone shares their favorite food but
the white polar bear detects that
someone is lying at first everyone
defends their side but only to find out
that the guy answered parsley is the one
who committed the lie so the polar bear
quickly smashed him on the second
question the white polar bear asks if
they are fond of takahata
someone says yes and someone answers no
but the white polar bear still detects a
lie he also says that someone is
disguising themselves as a real person
an imposter is still with them since the
beginning of the game most of them
believe that it is takase but eventually
takase confesses her feelings to
takahata
while she is confessing the white polar
bear is about to punch her but akase
pushes akimoto to save her takase is
diminished first by the white polar bear
but on the other hand takahata notices
the blood of takase he expresses that
the real liar is the white polar bear
takahata justifies as his thought and
the white polar bear bursts into anger
and eventually his white collar fades
and reveals his real collar
it turns out that his real color is
black
since the real lies are caught the game
officially ends
in the next game they are taken into a
temple the door opens and the three
nesting dolls introduce themselves as
fitness intelligence and imagination
they inform them that this is the final
game they have to get the can at the top
and place the can on its designated spot
in this game
the players who will not get the can
must hide in the temple and the ones who
will get the cat must manage to find
them and mention their name while
stepping on the can
once the getter gets everyone before the
sunset they will win the game begins
when one nesting doll lets them pick a
stick and the person who will get the
stick with the red on its top will get
the can amaya receives it and as soon as
the other sees it they sprint to hide
inside the temple the players group
themselves into two oku and kotaro hide
afar they think they are safe in their
spot because they believe it's far from
the khan spot but amaya manages to see
them and eventually imprison them
takahata nakamoto sees from their
windows that oku and kotaro are
imprisoned but unfortunately amaya
manages to see akimoto's location
thus takahata gets a rope and ties it
somewhere so they can escape using the
windows
however amaya manages to get there
fastly akimoto tries to lock the door
but she fails at this point akimoto is
in prison amaya is eagerly searching for
takahata he gets tired so he yells by
saying that there is no sense in finding
him as he succeeds in seeing three
people
akimoto oku and kotaro are now terrified
and think about what akahata's plans
would be now after amaya screams akimoto
thinks that takahata will sacrifice
himself to save them so she else saying
she hates him a lot she expresses how
terrible of a person he is she did it on
purpose so takahata would hide
takahata hears everything but he thinks
that akimoto is lying she remembers what
she told amaya about him he finds in his
location a medieval armor suit
he shows himself wearing that suit and
calls the attention of amaya
he tells amaya that it will be
impossible for him to get caught if his
face is covered but amaya finds it
illogical so he runs to him and rips off
the mask of takahata little did he know
takahata did it to bait him
when amaya is about to step on the can
he figures out that something heavy is
holding him he sees a chain that
surrounds his waist that is connected to
the kahata amaya gets pissed so he
quickly chases him but takahata jumps
off the sea amaya is now pulling
takahata back but figures out that
takahata manages to remove the armor
takahata is about to kick the can but he
moves slowly because of his situation he
expresses his thoughts that god deserves
to be in hell if god allows this event
to happen
after saying this amaya manages to run
but takata gets to kick the khan first
they try to guard themselves as they
believe it will explode shortly after
the nesting doll congratulates takahata
akimoto oku and kotaro for winning the
game
amaya worries because he thought he
would die but the nesting doll laughs
and tells him that no one said he will
die the game is officially over it ended
with a firework signifying their success
at this point the nesting doll has ice
cream to celebrate their success
takahata and akimoto are enjoying eating
their sweet ice cream takahata begins to
invite her to watch movies and eat as
soon as they leave the cube however
akimoto figures out something on her
stick and quickly tells him that she
cannot go with him anymore
after she figured it out the nesting
dolls announced that they must pass
another quest to survive the game which
was later revealed by the smallest
resting doll named luck after this oku
kotaro and akimoto had picked the
unlucky sticks and were eventually
killed by the nesting dolls
shortly after amaya and takahata finally
emerged from the cube everyone is
cheering for takahata and amaya they are
yelling that they are god's children the
movie ends when takahata expresses that
god doesn't exist
and the nesting doll disagrees and
introduces a beggar which the dog
believes is god thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this
see you in the next video